Review section for Chart Control. (#609)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/chart/series/pie/donut-series.md

title: Donut Series
page_title: .NET MAUI Chart Documentation - Donut Series
slug: chart-series-donut-series

> description: Learn more about the Donut series in Telerik UI for .NET MAUI Chart control.

Reviewer: - Use the definite article.

The Donut Series supports the following properties:

- `ValueBinding`&mdash;Defines the binding to a property of the data model that will be used to fill the pie slices.

> - `RadiusFactor`&mdash;Specifies the radius factor used to calculate the radius of the visual series. This value is usually within the [0,1] range but its possible to oversize the series by setting a value greater than `1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `RadiusFactor`&mdash;Specifies the radius factor used to calculate the radius of the visual series. This value is usually within the [`0,1`] range but you can also oversize the series by setting a value greater than `1`.
```
